DOC-5592: Updated Signing Packages Using CLI steps (#1562)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0/developing-applications/packaging/code-signing/signing-cli.md

--key "signing key 1"
```

> 2. Build the CPI. Supply the group policy into CPI version 2 by performing one of the following actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Build a CPI (version 2). The group policy file can be passed into the CPI by either passing it to the cli package command parameters as a file or by piping it to the cli package command as shown below:
```

Author: Updated according to your suggestions @kyriathar
